add warning message not to press the test button twice (#27693)
demisto/content: Packs/EDL/ReleaseNotes/3_2_1.md

#### Integrations

##### Generic Export Indicators Service

> - Added a warning message to inform users that clicking the test button twice may result in a test failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a warning message to inform users that clicking the test button more than once may result in a test failure.
```

> - Added a warning message to inform users that pressing the test button twice may result in a test failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added a warning message to inform users that clicking the test button twice may result in a test failure.
```
